Action: Download

The purpose of this function is to download the Robot's records from the JSON file so the Robot Librarian
has access to it for display and modification.

Pre Conditions
    -There is a JSON file populated with robots and their stats
    -The Robot Librarian has the address of the file

Primary Scenario
1. Robot librarian is told to download records
2. Robot Librarian downloads records
3. Robot Librarian saves records for as long as the game is run

Post Conditions
    -data is downloaded and stored for use

Error Conditions
    -Data is corrupt 
        -display error message and continue without
    -File does not exist
        -display error message and continue without
        
        
Action: Upload 

The process of uploading updated stats to the JSON file following a completed game

Preconditions
    -game is completed and all relavant data is updated 
    -Robot Librarian has address of the file to upload to

Primary Scenario 
    1. Robor Librarian is alerted that the game has ended 
    2. Robot Librarian reads data from stored values
    3. Robot Librarian saved updated data to JSON file

Post Conditions
    -JSON file and Robot Librarian have matching data

Error Conditions
    -File does not exist
        -make a new file



Action: Select Mode
This is where the user or users choose the number of teams in a game and how many
of which are human or AI controlled. The options the user is faced with choosing
are between a 2 player game, a 3 player game, or a 6 player game. Following this 
choice the user will be prompted to choose which of these teams are human 
controlled or AI controlled. If the user chooses a 2 team game, the board
will be initalized as a 5 space sided board populated by two teams (red and green). 
If the user chooses a 3 team game, the user will be prompted to choose between a
5 or 7 space sided board populated by three teams (FIIIIIIX THIS). If the 
user chooses a 6 player game, the board will be initalized as a 7 space sided board
populated by six teams (all the colors of the rainbow).

Pre Conditions
    -Robots are loaded
    -Players are present
    
Primary Scenario
    1.User is prompted to choose between 2, 3 and 6 teams
    
Scenario 1
    1. User chooses number of teams to be 2
    2. User is prompted to choose if teams are played by human or AI
    3. Continue onto game with a 5 space sided board
    
Scenario 2
    1. User chooses number of teams to be 3
    2. User is prompted to choose which teams are played by human or AI 
    3. Prompt user to choose between a 5 or 7 space sided board
    4. Continue onto game with choosen board size

Scenario 3
    1.User chooses the number of teams to be 6
    2.User is prompted to choose if teams are played by human or AI
    3. Continue onto game with a 7 space sided board
    
Post Conditions
    -players have their team
    -game board size is set
    -number of teams is set

Error Conditions
    - User doesn't set type of players for a team before trying to
      continue
        -Prompt user to choose and refuse to start game
                
    3. Continue onto game with a 7 
    
    
Scenario 2
    1. User chooses 